DOC-2869 Refactored the port information as a pre-step to adding info… (#2954)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/installing-upgrading/quickstarts/redis-enterprise-software-quickstart.md

## Ensure port availability

{{<embed-md "port-availability-embed.md">}}

### Update `sysctl.conf` to avoid port collisions

{{<embed-md "port-collision-avoidance.md">}}

### Ubuntu conflicts with port 53

{{<embed-md "port-53.md">}}

### Configuration for AWS and GCP

> In completing this configuration, follow the documentation provided by your cloud provider of choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed configuration instructions, see your cloud provider's documentation.
```

1. Create a VPC that you can use with regional subnets.

> 1. Within this VPC, create firewall rules that allow for external and internal access for RS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Within this VPC, create firewall rules that allow external and internal access for Redis Enterprise Software.
```

> | Ingress/Egress   | Source                                             | Protocol  | Ports                                    | Other Protocols  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ingress/Egress   | Source                                             | Protocol  | Ports                                    | Other protocols  |
```

|------------------|----------------------------------------------------|-----------|------------------------------------------|------------------|

> | Ingress          | 0.0.0.0/0                                          | tcp       | 21,22,53,8001,8443,9443,8070,10000-19999 | icmp             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ingress          | 0.0.0.0/0                                          | TCP       | 21, 22, 53, 8001, 8443, 9443, 8070, <nobr>10000-19999</nobr> | ICMP             |
```

> | Ingress          | 0.0.0.0/0                                          | udp       | 53,5353                                  |                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ingress          | 0.0.0.0/0                                          | UDP       | 53, 5353                                  |                  |
```

> | Ingress          | 10.0.0.0/8  (assuming your subnets use 10. ranges) | all       | all                                      |                  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ingress          | 10.0.0.0/8  (if subnets use 10. ranges) | all       | all                                      |                  | 
```
